first you're having a booth is their
first year having a boot the comic-con
this doohickey is part of the spidey
sense t-shirt so it is a proximity
sensor to give the user the power of
spidey sense so you clip this on the
back of the teacher and then as you get
closer to it it starts registering
danger and checks it up and then you've
got five different settings depending on
how much danger you are are not actually
in and if you're wearing us around a
comic con it's just going to go off
constantly my spider senses are starting
to tingle and this is going to be out in
November and this is exclusively from
thinkgeek and this is a product from our
key clubs Department I've got the iron
man arc reactor ring this is actually a
full metal construction ring that will
be available for 4999 and it is coming
out in November 2013 and while this one
does not have a battery at the moment it
lights up / touch and then close like
the iron man 3 arc reactor last year
viewed the 11th doctor sonic screwdriver
and this however is the sonic
screwdriver for the 10th doctor this is
David Kennedy running sonic growl that
screwdriver it is that's what I like it
doesn't kill doesn't win doesn't mean
but I'll tell you what it does do he's
very good opening doors almost quite
literally there's only one surviving
prop from the 10th doctor in the world
and these guys from the one company have
scanned it and made this exact one to
one replica of the doctor sonic
screwdriver this thing is perfect enough
that the patterns alongside will
actually match the exact patterns on
David tennis and it actually bugs the
guys who made it but this is 5 grams
lighter only five grams and it will
light up and it's meant for a cosplay
and for people who are looking to do
more fun things with it but also and
most importantly this is a fully working
universal remote control
there's a magnet in the base so as
opposed to sitting in a stand this one
actually rests comfortably on to a
Californian text metal base and it just
hangs up perfectly like that which is
kind of great and this would be
available october first I exclusively
think he gets in January and that'll be
a hundred dollars
you